Complete the general documentation in STH (#137)
scramjetorg/transform-hub: README.md

* The program does not leave your server and doesn't use any external systems. It runs on the server you install the host on.
* Currently STH supports node.js runner only, we're working on bringing you runners for other languages, with Python and C++ as the first ones.

Some important links 👀:

* Here you can find the definition of the [Transform Sequence AppContext](./docs/types/interfaces/appcontext.md)

> * You can see the [Scramjet Transform Hub API docs here](./docs/development-guide/stream-and-api.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can see the [Scramjet Transform Hub API docs here](./docs/interfaces/API-reference.md)
```
